Verifiable builds section (#279)
paritytech/ink-docs: docs/basics/verification/contract-verification.md

1. [Install Docker Engine](https://docs.docker.com/engine/install/)
2. (Linux users) Make sure you complete [post-installation step](https://docs.docker.com/engine/install/linux-postinstall/).
This is required for the correct operation of the command
4. Ensure Docker Engine is up and running, and the socket is accessible
3. Simply run `cargo contract build --verifiable`

This will pull the image with the version that correspond to your `cargo-contract` crate version,
perform a build, and write artifacts in the standard output directory.

If the everything is correct, you can verify the image version in the metadata file,
it should contain :
```json
  "contract": {
    "name": "flipper",
    "version": "4.3.0",
    "authors": [
      "Parity Technologies <admin@parity.io>"
    ]
  },
  "image": "paritytech/contracts-verifiable:4.0.0-alpha",
```

After that you are ready to deploy your contract on production chain.

:::note
The image is `amd64` based. Therefore, the build times can be significantly slower
on Apple Silicon machines. To overcome the issue enable _Rosetta for x86/amd64 emulation_ 
in _Settings_ -> _Features in development_ tab in Docker Desktop App.
:::

> ## Verifying contract

Author: Doesn't have to be on-chain

Similarly to etherscan, you want to ensure that the given contract bundle
is indeed a copy of some well-known contract code.

There are two option when it comes to verification:
* Local bare-bones verification using `cargo contract verify`
* A third-party service [Sirato](/basics/verification/sirato)

`cargo contract verify` allows you to verify the given cargo project
against a reference contract bundle. 

Simply run `cargo contract verify --contract <path>` 
in the cargo project directory. 

The command will compare build info from the reference contract with current environment,
if the reference contract was not build inside a docker container,
to ensure match in environment.

:::warning

> If you are using standardized verifiable builds. It is your responsibility

Author: ```suggestion
If you are not using standardized verifiable builds. It is your responsibility
```

to ensure deterministic environment both for build and verification of 

> smart contracts.

Author: Sorry, it is a typo

:::

> If the build info match the environment and docker image is present in metadata,
> `cargo contract` will build current project inside a docker container. 
> Otherwise, the local build is carried out.
> 
> Upon completion, the built contract bundle is compared to the reference one,
> and the result is returned.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the build info from the `.contract` file matches the environment and a
docker `image` is present in metadata, `cargo contract` will build the
 project inside the specified `image` docker container. 
Otherwise, a local build is carried out.

Upon completion, the built contract bundle is compared to the reference one
and the result is returned.
```

## Advanced usage

> If you would like to carry out other operations inside a deterministic environment.
> The docker image is available on [Docker Hub](https://hub.docker.com/repository/docker/paritytech/contracts-verifiable/general).
> The entry point is set to `cargo contract` allowing you to specify other commands to be
> executed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you would like to carry out other operations inside a deterministic environment
you can use our docker image. It is availble on [Docker Hub](https://hub.docker.com/repository/docker/paritytech/contracts-verifiable/general).
The entry point is set to `cargo contract` allowing you to specify other commands to be
executed.
```

:::tip
If you are building a multi-contract project, 
make sure you are executing the build in the parent directory in order to mount the directory 
of all contracts to be visible. Specify a relative manifest path to the root contract: 

`cargo contract build --verifiable --release --manifest-path ink-project-a/Cargo.toml`
:::

You can find a Dockefile and further documentation on image usage 

> in [`cargo-contract` repository](https://github.com/paritytech/cargo-contract/tree/master/build-image)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
in [the `cargo-contract` repository](https://github.com/paritytech/cargo-contract/tree/master/build-image)
```
